Data types/bundle: updated (generate keyword) (#190)
SpinalHDL/SpinalDoc-RTD: source/SpinalHDL/Data types/bundle.rst

     val data = (dataWidth > 0) generate (UInt(dataWidth bits))
   }

.. note::

>    See also :ref:`generate <generate>` for information about this SpinalHDL keyword like directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See also :ref:`generate <generate>` for information about this SpinalHDL method.
```
